Add Netatmo temperature services (#29883)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netatmo.markdown

`set_camera_light_mode`

Set the outdoor camera light mode.

| Service data attribute | Required | Description                |
| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| `camera_light_mode`    | Yes      | Outdoor camera light mode. |

### Set Schedule

`set_schedule`

Set the heating schedule.

| Service data attribute | Required | Description                           |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `schedule_name`        | Yes      | The name of the schedule to activate. |

### Set preset mode with end date & time

`set_preset_mode_with_end_datetime`

Set the preset mode for a Netatmo climate device. The preset mode must match a preset mode configured at Netatmo.

| Service data attribute | Required | Description                                                |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `preset_mode`          | Yes      | Climate preset mode such as Schedule, Away or Frost Guard. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `preset_mode`          | Yes      | Climate preset mode such as Schedule, Away, or Frost Guard. |
```

> | `end_datetime`         | Yes      | Date & time the preset will be active until.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `end_datetime`         | Yes      | Date & time until which the preset will be active.               |
```

### Set temperature with end date & time

`set_temperature_with_end_datetime`

Sets the target temperature for a Netatmo climate device with an end date & time.

| Service data attribute | Required | Description                                              |
| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `target_temperature`   | Yes      | The target temperature for the device.                   |
| `end_datetime`         | Yes      | Date & time the target temperature will be active until. |

### Set temperature with time period

`set_temperature_with_time_period`

> Sets the target temperature for a Netatmo climate device with a time period it will be active for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the target temperature for a Netatmo climate device as well as the time period during which this target temperature applies.
```

| Service data attribute | Required | Description                                            |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `target_temperature`   | Yes      | The target temperature for the device.                 |

> | `time_period`          | Yes      | Time period the target temperature will be active for. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `time_period`          | Yes      | Time period during which the target temperature is applied. |
```

> ### Clear Temperature Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Clear temperature setting
```
We use sentence-style capitalization. I know there is heading style capitalization elsewhere in this text. But I think those were fixed on the current branch.
